docs: for review Starport docs v0.14 (#852)
tendermint/starport: docs/1 Introduction/1 Introduction.md

# Introduction to Starport

Starport is a developer-friendly interface to the Cosmos SDK.

## What is Starport?

> The Starport tool is the easiest way to create blockchains. Starport uses the Tendermint Consensus engine and Cosmos SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starport CLI is the easiest way to create blockchains.

Features:

* Create a proof-of-stake Cosmos SDK blockchain powered by the Tendermint consensus engine
* Scaffold modules (including IBC-enabled modules), custom types, messages, IBC packets.
* Configure a blockchain in development by customizing accounts, module parameters in genesis, build and initialization settings, and more.
* Build your blockchain node in a single command.
* Run a blockchain node in development in a hot reloading mode with state persistence.
* Connect multiple blockchains (both local and remote) with a built-in easy-to-use IBC relayer.
* Generate modular JavaScript, TypeScript, and Vuex client libraries for both standard and custom modules that are always up-to-date with your blockchain's API.
```

With just a few commands, you can use Starport to:

1. Create a blockchain

> 2. Launch a blockchain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Start your blockchain node in development
```

> 3. Create a client-side app you can interact with in a web browser <!-- not sure about this -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Generate client libraries
```

Starport and the SDK modules are written in the Go programming language. Starport creates a user interface with Vue.js. This user interface provides a good starting point for developers by creating a browser-based client-side app for your blockchain. The scaffolded blockchain created with Starport includes a command line interface that lets you manage keys, create validators, and send tokens.

## Projects using Tendermint and Cosmos SDK

Many projects already showcase the Tendermint BFT Consensus Engine and the Cosmos SDK. Explore the [Cosmos Network Ecosystem](https://cosmos.network/ecosystem/apps) to discover a wide variety of apps, blockchains, wallets, and explorers that are built in the Cosmos ecosystem.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Projects using Starport

* https://github.com/Sifchain/sifnode
* https://github.com/crypto-org-chain/chain-main (initialized with Starport: https://github.com/crypto-org-chain/chain-main/commit/37b2ecb49a9aae7c581270a4f2dbecfcd8e8a6e9)
* Demo of Interchain accounts: https://github.com/chainapsis/cosmos-sdk-interchain-account
* https://github.com/lazyledger/lazyledger-app
* https://github.com/wangfeiping/flares
* https://github.com/EG-easy/affondra
* https://github.com/chantmk/Finding-imposter
* https://github.com/umee-network/umee
```

## Cosmos SDK Modules

> Cosmos SDK has a unique worldwide position as one of the most successful blockchains. Native [Cosmos SDK modules](https://docs.cosmos.network/master/modules/) are the foundational building blocks for building a blockchain. The Cosmos SDK modules make a blockchain work and can be created and shared with anyone. When you use Starport to add Cosmos SDK modules to your blockchain, the code edits and additions are managed automatically. <!-- @denis tell me more about how Starport helps us add modules and manage code edits -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cosmos SDK has a unique worldwide position as one of the most successful blockchain frameworks. Native [Cosmos SDK modules](https://docs.cosmos.network/master/modules/) are the foundational building blocks for building a blockchain. The Cosmos SDK modules make a blockchain work and can be created and shared with anyone.
```
